TO DO:

1) Hook up filter.
    When user selects an emergency, the full hero list should filter for heroes that have that emergency in their data. These are nested inside "specialties" for each character.
    
        logic: 
            const applicableHeroes = (use .find to see if the selected emergency matches one of the elements from the hero.specialties array.)
            use setSuperHeroes to set superheroes array to applicable heroes.

2) Hook up the wallet filter. 
    If the user's wallet is lower than the amount that each hero charges, they should not be able to add them to My Hero list.

        logic: 
            pass the wallet total data to the SendHelp page (better/easier to fetch it directly from the database?)
            if wallet total < hero.cost, don't allow user to add to the My Hero array.

3) CSS
    IN PROGRESS     -button styling on the main landing page (want 2 large centered buttons, with border, bouncing on hover, etc)
    IN PROGRESS     -Delete "HEEEEEEEELP!!!" and replace with something else; styling the form and its components
    IN PROGRESS     -Styling the wallet to look nicer. 
    NOT STARTED     -styling the My Hero container
    DONE            -style the navbar and its button(s)
    DONE            -loading page image and title (image and login button should fade in over 5 seconds)

4) add a button below the selected hero that removes them from the container and deducts that amount from their wallet.

        logic:
            put a listener on the button that setSelectedHero to "[]". send patch request to the db that wallet is = wallet minus hero.cost

5) Add functionality to the login.

        logic:
            until learning more about databases: set a condition that the value must be a specific string in order to run the route.

6) Allow removal of funds

7) Toggle My Hero container. If array is empty, visibility should be none.

8) Reset the input after user adds funds.



BUGS:

Medium: Asynchronisity. Error message about each needing an id. They have an id, but the first time they're clicked it hasn't been logged yet.
Low: Background color on wallet not working.

